sysbench 1.0.20 (using system LuaJIT 2.1.1692716794)

Running the test with following options:
Number of threads: 4
Initializing random number generator from current time


Prime numbers limit: 10000

Initializing worker threads...

Threads started!

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 1
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 1
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=310ms        POSTtimer=300ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 2
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 2
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=180ms        POSTtimer=320ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 3
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 3
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=180ms        POSTtimer=310ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 4
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 4
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=310ms        POSTtimer=280ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 5
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 5
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=170ms        POSTtimer=290ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 6
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 6
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=180ms        POSTtimer=300ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 7
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 7
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=170ms        POSTtimer=320ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 8
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 8
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=180ms        POSTtimer=320ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 9
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 9
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=300ms        POSTtimer=420ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 10
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 10
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=180ms        POSTtimer=310ms

CPU speed:
    events per second:  5104.23

General statistics:
    total time:                          10.0007s
    total number of events:              51055

Latency (ms):
         min:                                    0.68
         avg:                                    0.78
         max:                                   20.36
         95th percentile:                        0.78
         sum:                                39938.74

Threads fairness:
    events (avg/stddev):           12763.7500/146.43
    execution time (avg/stddev):   9.9847/0.00

