**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 1
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 1
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=1120ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 2
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 2
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 3
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 3
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 4
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 4
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 5
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 5
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=2150ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 6
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 6
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 7
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 7
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 8
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 8
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 9
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 9
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=1130ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 10
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 10
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 11
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 11
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 12
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 12
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 13
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 13
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 14
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 14
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 15
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 15
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 16
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 16
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 17
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 17
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 18
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 18
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 19
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 19
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 20
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 20
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 21
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 21
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4250ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 22
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 22
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 23
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 23
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 24
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 24
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 25
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 25
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 26
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 26
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 27
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 27
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 28
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 28
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 29
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 29
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 30
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 30
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 31
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 31
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 32
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 32
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 33
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 33
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 34
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 34
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 35
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 35
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 36
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 36
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 37
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 37
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 38
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 38
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4250ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 39
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 39
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 40
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 40
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 41
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 41
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 42
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 42
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 43
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 43
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 44
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 44
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 45
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 45
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 46
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 46
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 47
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 47
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 48
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 48
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 49
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 49
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 50
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 50
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 51
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 51
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 52
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 52
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 53
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 53
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 54
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 54
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 55
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 55
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 56
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 56
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 57
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 57
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=5290ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 58
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 58
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 59
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 59
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 60
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 60
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 61
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 61
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 62
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 62
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 63
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 63
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 64
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 64
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=1120ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 65
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 65
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=5290ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 66
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 66
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 67
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 67
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 68
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 68
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 69
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 69
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=5290ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 70
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 70
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 71
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 71
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 72
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 72
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 73
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 73
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 74
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 74
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 75
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 75
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 76
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 76
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 77
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 77
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 78
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 78
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 79
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 79
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=100ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 80
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 80
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 81
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 81
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=5300ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 82
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 82
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 83
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 83
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 84
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 84
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3230ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 85
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 85
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 86
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 86
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 87
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 87
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 88
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 88
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 89
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 89
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 90
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 90
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 91
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 91
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 92
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 92
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 93
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 93
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 94
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 94
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 95
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 95
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=3240ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 96
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 96
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 97
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 97
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 98
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 98
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 99
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 99
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4260ms

**PRE-Workload execution
iteration 100
running 1
numthreads 0
runtime NaN
throughput NaN
latency NaN

**POST-Workload execution
iteration 100
running 0
numthreads 4
runtime 10.001
throughput 5766.270
latency 0.690
> PREtimer=90ms        POSTtimer=4270ms

